## Known types

meta:enum:
- vcs: Version Control System
- issue-tracker: Issue or defect tracking system, or an Application Lifecycle
   Management (ALM) system
- website: Website
- advisories: Security advisories
- bom: Bill of Materials (SBOM, OBOM, HBOM, SaaSBOM, etc)
- mailing-list: Mailing list or discussion group
- social: Social media account
- chat: Real-time chat platform
- documentation: Documentation, guides, or how-to instructions
- support: Community or commercial support
- source-distribution:
   description: The location where the source code distributable can be obtained.
     This is often an archive format such as zip or tgz. The source-distribution
     type complements use of the version control (vcs) type.
- distribution: Direct or repository download location
- distribution-intake: The location where a component was published to. This
   is often the same as "distribution" but may also include specialized publishing
   processes that act as an intermediary.
- license: The reference to the license file. If a license URL has been defined
   in the license node, it should also be defined as an external reference
   for completeness.
- build-meta: Build-system specific meta file (i.e. pom.xml, package.json, .nuspec,
   etc)
- build-system: Reference to an automated build system
- release-notes: Reference to release notes
- security-contact: Specifies a way to contact the maintainer, supplier, or
   provider in the event of a security incident. Common URIs include links
   to a disclosure procedure, a mailto (RFC-2368) that specifies an email address,
   a tel (RFC-3966) that specifies a phone number, or dns (RFC-4501) that specifies
   the records containing DNS Security TXT.
- model-card: A model card describes the intended uses of a machine learning
   model, potential limitations, biases, ethical considerations, training parameters,
   datasets used to train the model, performance metrics, and other relevant
   data useful for ML transparency.
- log: A record of events that occurred in a computer system or application,
   such as problems, errors, or information on current operations.
   configuration: Parameters or settings that may be used by other components
   or services.
- evidence: Information used to substantiate a claim.
- formulation: Describes how a component or service was manufactured or deployed.
- attestation: Human or machine-readable statements containing facts, evidence,
   or testimony.
- threat-model: An enumeration of identified weaknesses, threats, and countermeasures,
   dataflow diagram (DFD), attack tree, and other supporting documentation
   in human-readable or machine-readable format.
- adversary-model: The defined assumptions, goals, and capabilities of an adversary.
- risk-assessment: Identifies and analyzes the potential of future events that
   may negatively impact individuals, assets, and/or the environment. Risk
   assessments may also include judgments on the tolerability of each risk.
- vulnerability-assertion: A Vulnerability Disclosure Report (VDR) which asserts
   the known and previously unknown vulnerabilities that affect a component,
   service, or product including the analysis and findings describing the impact
   (or lack of impact) that the reported vulnerability has on a component,
   service, or product.
- exploitability-statement: A Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX) which
   asserts the known vulnerabilities that do not affect a product, product
   family, or organization, and optionally the ones that do. The VEX should
   include the analysis and findings describing the impact (or lack of impact)
   that the reported vulnerability has on the product, product family, or organization.
- pentest-report: Results from an authorized simulated cyberattack on a component
   or service, otherwise known as a penetration test.
- static-analysis-report: SARIF or proprietary machine or human-readable report
   for which static analysis has identified code quality, security, and other
   potential issues with the source code.
- dynamic-analysis-report: Dynamic analysis report that has identified issues
   such as vulnerabilities and misconfigurations.
- runtime-analysis-report: Report generated by analyzing the call stack of a
   running application.
- component-analysis-report: Report generated by Software Composition Analysis
   (SCA), container analysis, or other forms of component analysis.
- maturity-report: Report containing a formal assessment of an organization,
   business unit, or team against a maturity model.
- certification-report: Industry, regulatory, or other certification from an
   accredited (if applicable) certification body.
- codified-infrastructure: Code or configuration that defines and provisions
   virtualized infrastructure, commonly referred to as Infrastructure as Code
   (IaC).
- quality-metrics: Report or system in which quality metrics can be obtained.
- poam: Plans of Action and Milestones (POAM) complement an "attestation" external
   reference. POAM is defined by NIST as a "document that identifies tasks
   needing to be accomplished. It details resources required to accomplish
   the elements of the plan, any milestones in meeting the tasks and scheduled
   completion dates for the milestones".
- electronic-signature: An e-signature is commonly a scanned representation
   of a written signature or a stylized script of the person's name.
- digital-signature: A signature that leverages cryptography, typically public/private
   key pairs, which provides strong authenticity verification.
- rfc-9116: Document that complies with RFC-9116 (A File Format to Aid in Security
   Vulnerability Disclosure)
- other: Use this if no other types accurately describe the purpose of the external
   reference.